refactor: update project to build with android 14 (#9)
profusion/android-sdk-addon-example: README.md

And that's it!

## Running on the emulator
### Inside the AOSP tree

After build, you can run the emulator in the terminal where you set up the environment variables with

```
emulator
```

### Outside the AOSP tree

> If you use a remote server to build your addon (It could be a good idea. Building the AOSP right now could be a really really hard job for some hardware) maybe you wanna extract the emulator to your personal environment. Actually, that's very easy and you already have all you need.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use a remote server to build your addon (It could be a good idea. Building the AOSP right now could be a really really hard job for some hardware) you will probably want to extract the emulator to your local machine. Actually, that's very easy and you already have all you need.
```

> Go to your Android Studio and create an emulator using the *Device Manager* tool. As we builded to a Automotive TARGET, select an hardware under the _Automotive_ category as well. For the _system image_, select (or download first if you don't have it yet) the API 34 image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Go to your Android Studio and create an emulator using the *Device Manager* tool. Since we builded to a Automotive TARGET, select an hardware under the _Automotive_ category as well. For the _system image_, select (or download first if you don't have it yet) the API 34 image.
```
